so let's go piece by piece
one-way mission with people who
would just we agree to go one
way and he sends supplies in
advance
there's gonna set up have
modules got an image of what his
have modules would look like I'm
on Mars
I think we can put it up on the
screen let's check it out man
seems like a really fun place to
live with people so it's like
2,000 square feet four feet
before people i think about you
know I guess a regular-sized
house almost in the suburbs yeah
yeah exactly okay
forever forever right well until
you build another one of those
so I asked pass
what are his plans for actually
making this happen
yeah let's check it out a very
important benefit of the
permanent settlement aspect is
that the size of the of the
hardware you need to land is
only slightly bigger then
associate such systems as the
Curiosity rover so we are
building on a on a payload mass
of roughly 3,000 kilos of useful
cargo to serve so excluding the
the landing system itself 3,000
kilos s that's if that's a few
people plus food and drink
exactly and and the Curiosity
rover was only nine artists
kiitos but it was landing at
about two kilometers altitude
above the Martian 0 and we will
be landing at about minus 4 to
make sure that we have as much
as possible benefit of the
atmosphere as much as possible
time to slow down
ok so what you're saying is i
didn't know this in fact that
the elevation where they landed
curiosity the the air the
density of the air was
relatively thin correct up
compared with lower level lower
areas since we go lower
you can you can bring more stuff
you have you can use more air to
support your landing correct you
have you lift as you descend
detecting ok and therefore bring
more stuff bring more stuff
which is very important because
every kilo you sent to Mars is
very expensive so you can
maximize what you can bring so
finding a place in low elevation
in the rights and latitude 44
shoulder and water so as far
north as possible for what about
as far south as pas
small of course for the Sun you
got you got Mars in your office
and I don't know you're not
getting this
so so you're thinking of landing
in a place not too close to the
polls may be too cold and not
enough sunlight correct a closer
to the equator but not on the
equator because you think there
might not be were there or less
water
yeah there's a lot of research
going on that's at the moment
and we think that's the best
place is probably between 40 and
45 degrees north latitude and
that's where New York City's
we're 41 degrees north latitude
so your day will be very
comparable to the day in new
york city by me